**While testing**
* Run `./build [platform]`, this will build the specified (or all) platforms and copy the artifacts to the `artifacts/` directory, which the apps in `examples/` consume
* Run the apps in the `examples/` directory as appropriate to test things

**Known things**
on ios, default constructor arguments are a bear (see params in loginOrCreate()). When we get to codegening, we need to make sure to codegen all of the secondary constructors (see StytchClientConfiguration.ios.kt).

**Big TODOs**
* DFP
* CAPTCHA
* Bootstrapping
* Codegenning

**RN Architecture Highlevel**
Kotlin code compiles into JS code, which for most things, is run in the JS runtime (using the Kotlin-compiled-to-JS). For areas where there are platform specific implementations, the following is true:
* Android/iOS specific implementations are exported publicly (for ease of use from RN (ie: without instantiating a full client on the native side of RN, just the JS side)) 
* The JS `actual` classes call a method on the `StytchBridge` object (JS side)
* The `StytchBridge` object is just a contract with the Kotlin/JS code that, on the JS side, there _will_ be an object that matches the declared name and shape (ie: "trust me, bro")
* The implementation of the `StytchBridge` is the output of the RN TurboModule, so updates to the `external` (kotlin) declaration and the module itself need to be kept in sync
* The `StytchBridge` methods call through the RN bridge to hand-written methods in the `android` and `ios` directories within the RN module, which in turn call the exposed implementations mentioned in bullet point 1
* The published artifacts (android/iOS) of the `stytch-multiplatform-shared` SDK are in turn dependencies of the react-native artifact. In other words, one "flavor" of the SDK depends on two of the others
* So yeah, the way to think of it is "The SDK is Kotlin, compiled to JS, which can call a JS object generated by react-native, which can reach across the native bridge, to call platform-specific code exported by the parent SDK".
Make sense?

**Why Two Seperate Projects?**
This is annoying, and wasn't initially planned this way, but because of compatability issues with Kotlin compiler versions and React Native, the shared module has to be published from it's own project, not just a module like initially planned.

For posterity:
1. All of our endpoints obviously require async methods (`suspend` functions)
2. KMP cannot export `suspend` functions to JS (which is _most_ of what RN uses) in compilers pre-2.3.0
3. RN cannot support Kotlin versions greater than 2.1.0
4. The solution is to compile the bulk of the SDK (`stytch-multiplatform` and it's various submodules) with 2.3.0 (so we can export `suspend` to JS), but all _platform_ specific code (`stytch-multiplatform-shared`) with 2.1.0, to preserve RN compatability.

Alternatively, we could make _everything_ 2.1.0 and keep it all as one project, BUT the tradeoff of that approach is that we would no longer have platform-native async functions (`suspend`, `async/await`, `promises`), and everything would use callbacks. Well, that's not _entirely_ true; everything would be callbacks _by default_, and we'd have to add in `suspend` and `async/await` implementations. But that's significantly more work AND doesn't support RN, which would still be forced to use callbacks. The solution I've gone with tries to balance consistency across platforms, developer productivity, and publishing quirks.